docs/pages/docs/task.md, before:

---
layout: docs
seotitle: Task | LangTest | John Snow Labs
title: Task
permalink: /docs/pages/docs/task
key: docs-install
modify_date: "2020-05-26"
header: true
---

<div class="main-docs" markdown="1"><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">
The `Harness` `task` parameter accepts different tasks.

### Supported Tasks

{:.table2}
| Task                      | Description              | Supported Model Categories                                                                                      |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ner](/docs/pages/task/ner)                 | Named Entity Recognition | All NER models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)                 |
| [text-classification](/docs/pages/task/text-classification) | Text Classification      | All text classification models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub) |
| [question-answering](/docs/pages/task/question-answering)  | Question Answering       | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [summarization](/docs/pages/task/summarization)      | Summarization            | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [fill-mask](/docs/pages/task/fill-mask)           | Fill Mask                 | Fill mask models and Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [translation](/docs/pages/task/translation)         | Translation              | Translation models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)             |
| [text-generation](/docs/pages/task/text-generation)     | Text Generation           | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |


</div><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">


</div></div>

Commit message:

Update parameter descriptions in Harness documentation

docs/pages/docs/task.md, after:

---
layout: docs
seotitle: Task | LangTest | John Snow Labs
title: Task
permalink: /docs/pages/docs/task
key: docs-install
modify_date: "2020-05-26"
header: true
---

<div class="main-docs" markdown="1"><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">

Task for which the model is to be evaluated

**task**: `Union[str, dict]`

### Supported Tasks

{:.table2}
| Task                      | Description              | Supported Model Categories                                                                                      |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [ner](/docs/pages/task/ner)                 | Named Entity Recognition | All NER models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)                 |
| [text-classification](/docs/pages/task/text-classification) | Text Classification      | All text classification models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub) |
| [question-answering](/docs/pages/task/question-answering)  | Question Answering       | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [summarization](/docs/pages/task/summarization)      | Summarization            | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [fill-mask](/docs/pages/task/fill-mask)           | Fill Mask                 | Fill mask models and Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |
| [translation](/docs/pages/task/translation)         | Translation              | Translation models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)             |
| [text-generation](/docs/pages/task/text-generation)     | Text Generation           | Large Language Models available through the different [hubs](https://langtest.org/docs/pages/docs/hub)          |


</div><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">


example:-

- **task**: `str`


```python
  task = "ner"
```

- **task**: `dict`


```python
  task={"task":"fill-mask", "category":"wino-bias"}
```

</div></div>
