docs/pages/tutorials/rag/rag.md, before:

---
layout: docs
header: true
seotitle: Tutorials | RAG | LangTest | John Snow Labs
title: RAG
key: docs-rag
permalink: /docs/pages/tutorials/rag/
sidebar:
    nav: tutorials
aside:
    toc: true
nav_key: tutorials
show_edit_on_github: true
modify_date: "2019-05-16"
---

<div class="main-docs" markdown="1"><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">
The following table gives an overview of the different RAG tutorial notebooks.

</div><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">

{:.table2}
| Tutorial Description                | Retriever Embedding |Open In Colab                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ----------------------------------- |
| **RAG OpenAI** : In this notebook we will look into building an RAG pipeline and evaluating it with LlamaIndex + Langtest.               | OpenAI | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/langtest/blob/main/demo/tutorials/RAG/RAG_OpenAI.ipynb)                 |
| **RAG HF** :In this notebook we will look into building an RAG pipeline and evaluating it with LlamaIndex + Langtest.| Huggingface | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/langtest/blob/main/demo/tutorials/RAG/RAG_HF.ipynb) |

Commit message:

Add benchmarking embeddings NB to tutorials

docs/pages/tutorials/rag/rag.md, after:

---
layout: docs
header: true
seotitle: Tutorials | RAG | LangTest | John Snow Labs
title: RAG
key: docs-rag
permalink: /docs/pages/tutorials/rag/
sidebar:
    nav: tutorials
aside:
    toc: true
nav_key: tutorials
show_edit_on_github: true
modify_date: "2019-05-16"
---

<div class="main-docs" markdown="1"><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">
The following table gives an overview of the different RAG tutorial notebooks.

</div><div class="h3-box" markdown="1">

{:.table2}
| Tutorial Description                                                                                   | Retriever Embedding | Open In Colab                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **RAG OpenAI**: In this notebook, we will look into building an RAG pipeline and evaluating it with LlamaIndex + Langtest. | OpenAI              | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/langtest/blob/main/demo/tutorials/RAG/RAG_OpenAI.ipynb)                 |
| **RAG HF**: In this notebook, we will look into building an RAG pipeline and evaluating it with LlamaIndex + Langtest.     | Huggingface         | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/langtest/blob/main/demo/tutorials/RAG/RAG_HF.ipynb)                   |
| **Benchmarking Embeddings**: Evaluate the performance of various embedding models from HuggingFace on a retrieval task.   | Huggingface         | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/JohnSnowLabs/langtest/blob/main/demo/tutorials/benchmarks/Benchmarking_Embeddings(Llama_Index+Langtest).ipynb)  |
